Create user story docs for Isolated Networks and Device Reboot Requests (#55)
camaraproject/NetworkAccessManagement: documentation/API_documentation/DeviceRebootRequest_User_Story.md

| **Item**                     | **Details** |
|------------------------------|-------------|

> | **Summary**               | As a service owner or property manager, I want to issue reboot requests for my operator-managed network access devices (such as gateways or mesh controllers) to recover from faulty network states or to perform administrative resets, ensuring reliable connectivity for tenants or guests. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Summary**               | As a service owner or property manager, I want to issue reboot requests for my API provider-managed network access devices (such as gateways or mesh controllers) to recover from faulty network states or to perform administrative resets, ensuring reliable connectivity for tenants or guests. |
```

> | **Roles, Actors and Scope** | **Roles:** customer:user <br> **Actors:** Service owners, property managers, network operators.  <br> **Scope:** Trouble to Resolution (T2R) - Issue immediate or scheduled reboot requests for specific devices. Retrieve status of previously created reboot requests. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Roles, Actors and Scope** | **Roles:** customer:user <br> **Actors:** Service owners, property managers, API providers.  <br> **Scope:** Trouble to Resolution (T2R) - Issue immediate or scheduled reboot requests for specific devices. Retrieve status of previously created reboot requests. |
```

> | **Pre-conditions**        | 1. The API consumer is onboarded and holds credentials with proper scopes (e.g., `reboot-requests:write`, optionally `devices:write`).  <br>2. The devices are installed and managed by the network operator supporting reboot management. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Pre-conditions**        | 1. The API consumer is onboarded and holds credentials with proper scopes (e.g., `reboot-requests:write`, optionally `devices:write`).  <br>2. The devices are installed and managed by the API provider supporting reboot management. |
```

| **Begins when**           | The API client makes a `POST` request to `/reboot-requests` with a list of device IDs and an optional `atTime` to schedule the reboot. |

> | **Ends when**            | The reboot is executed by the operator-managed device or the request is withdrawn. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Ends when**            | The reboot is executed by the API provider-managed device or the request is withdrawn. |
```
